Q: Can you tell me about yourself? 

Who AM I?
Expertice
why i'm here

-I'm at my last semester as a mechatronic engineer student. I choose these carrer because i like the idea of having several points of view to resolve a problem and i applied at ibm as an intern for this matter too, 
	ibm has various areas that i could develop myself into and i wanted that chance. 
-I started my work here as a manufacturer helper, but with time, i asked for an opportunity in web development while doing my current job and i was granted that option, i didn't knew much so i was given one month 
	to learn the languages needed for the project smart incident tracker and i began to code. 
- As i have been learning the basics and finished the project, i feel ready to give another step and learn from a full developing team how it is to work in this field and understand the professional ways in how to
	code.	



Q:  What is your greatest strength?

A: I'm very wary of my work. I get my work done in time even if i have to take it home, i like to make sure that goes accordingly to the needs of the user and i don't mind having to learn new thing in order to execute it.
like recently have started working on a 3d model viewer for the 3d Laboratory in power systems, even though i could use python to develop my software i chose to use the framework nodejs with the module express to work with it,
this lead to having to take some of the work home in order to achieve completition time, but i don't mind at all, and i been having fun doing it.





Q: What is your greatest weakness?

A: Sometimes i migth be a little proud to show that i do not master a certain topic, so i try to not ask for help at least that i give up or i have gathered certain knowledge to show that i know about the topic, this migth lead 
to work on things a little more time that it needs to. But recently i have been asking more about things that are easy but migth take some time searching for an answer.




Q: Why should we hire you?
	
A: Because I believe that my interest in learning and applying what i have learned could be of help to the team. I like to improve myself so i'm very flexible with the work that i can output and i don't mind tackling new experiences 
   to help a co-worker if needed. 
   My ease to see from the user's perspective of how a service migth interact with him, along with my initiative could help bring some new ideas that works for both ends of the work.




Q: What are your salary expectations?

A: To ve relatable to the amount of great work that i do, if i'm doing more than my part and is good, to be given a salary equal to that type of work.



Q: Why do you want this job?

A: I want to learn the best practices from professionals in order to improve my coding 
 



Q: Why are you leaving or why have you left your job?

A: I came to search for a job in MLS because the person in charge of software developing have rencently left power systems and went to CIO, so i don't have a profesional to tell me
if what i'm doing is wrong or correct and want to improve myself.




Q: How do you handle stress and pressure?

A: I like to be pressured to work hard, it makes me feel motivated to have a incoming deadline and beign sure that i will find a way to finish it before time, maybe by arraging times taking priorities first.
Or if i'm under stress, trying to ask of a hint from my coworkers, maybe they have passed for a similar situation and know an easier way of doing things.



Q: Describe a difficult work situation or project and how
	
A: One time i had a classmate that wasn't very profficent in the area that we had the task, so in order to finish in time, after i did my part, i went and helped him to with its part, reviewing it and telling him
around where to check in order for him to see the error without me telling him directly. This way, the both of us knew what we were doing.




Q: What are your goals for the future?

A: I would like to pursue a masters degree, i haven't decided in wich because each lapse of time have been something different, but i plan on taking every masters that i have 
think of and choose from there accordingly to its advantages and proficiency



Q: Do You Have Any Questions?

A:
What do you expect me to accomplish in the first 90 days?
How would i contribute to this job?
What can you tell me about the team work?




Q: How did you learn about the opening?

A: As i was emerging myself into web developing, my friend cesar told me about the vacant, and i was eager to learn more profesionally about the norms and practices that web developing has.




Q: What do you consider to be your biggest professional achievement?"

A: Launching the smart incident tracker web application that helps the manufacturing team but more importantly the new recruits that come and see the most relevant results.




Q: What kind of work environment do you like best?

A: where there is a respectful enviorenment and the employees can lear from each other .




Q: Tell me how you think other people would describe you.

A: I think they would describe me as reliable, because when i say that i will do something i do it.




Q: What can we expect from you in your first three months?

A: To work hard in order to not be a drawback for the team, to learn what i need to learn, to listen to the recommendations and instructions given by my co-workers.